[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're joined by Anjali,
a former Pentagon
intelligence officer,
trained in information
operations and warfare.
Richard Doty also joins us,
a retired counterintelligence
agent who served in
the Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Finally, we have Tim,
a tactical advisor
to covert analysts trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of non-human
intelligences on this planet.
Welcome, everyone.
>> Thank you.
>> Anjali, please explain to the
audience your first experience
with extraterrestrials.
>> My first memory
of experiences with
extraterrestrials was in 1976
in Jacksonville, Florida.
I was four years old.
I was asleep in my bed.
And then suddenly,
I was in a craft.
I wasn't afraid.
I was completely awake.
And there were small children,
other children of various ages.
They looked pretty human, but
their skin wasn't quite right.
They had more of a flat ash
kind of tint to their skin.
And they had absolutely no
body hair that was visible.
And their eyes were
a little larger,
and their mouths were
a little smaller.
So there were just
slight differences
where they wouldn't quite
be able to pass for human.
And that's what the--
I'm going to classify
them as adult beings that
were in the same
room that I was in--
they told me that these were
my brothers and sisters,
that they had been attempting
to make a biotechnology that
was compatible with putting
this consciousness in a body
and having it pass for human and
integrate into human society.
The children that
were there were all
extremely happy to see me.
And they were, like, pinching
my skin, feeling my skin,
and pulling at my clothes,
and kind of tickling me--
not really meaning to--
and touching my hair.
And it was a
beautiful experience.
>> Yeah, very surreal.
Were they the same
age, you think?
Or?
>> No, they were various
ages, various heights.
Some of them were taller than--
maybe they were more like
middle elementary school age,
you know, just a little taller
than the other children.
And at home, what
was happening was
there was a large craft
that was over my house,
and everybody in the
neighborhood was outside.
Most of them had
congregated in our driveway.
My mother and the
other people who
were living in the home
were all outside, looking up
into this craft for
goodness knows how long.
We're not really sure.
Not really sure how it ended,
how the experience ended,
which is interesting.
But I do remember once I
was put back into the house,
I was just back in my room.
So I ran down the
hallway, and I jumped
on the back of the couch,
and I looked outside.
And I was looking
over the bushes right
outside the window.
And there was everybody
in the neighborhood,
standing in my driveway,
including my mom.
And they're all looking
up, and they're all
bathed in these lights that--
I can't see it at that point.
But it was, like,
turning, and so it
was changing the lights
that were coming down.
>> And that incident made
it to the records, right?
>> It did.
Well, let me-- let
me rephrase that.
What made it to the record was
that someone reported to NUFORC
that they had seen, in
1976, a craft matching
the exact same description
in an area of town
that I lived in in the time
of year that this happened,
which was summer.
>> So the first time
you told me that story,
I instantly thought, oh my god,
she went to the grade school
for gifted kids.
So when the Greys came
to that conclusion
that the first attempts to
make contact with governments
and people on this planet
was not as successful as they
thought it should
be, they started
their own hybrid
program in order
to make a comfortable contact
with people on this planet.
And what they also did is
installing a kind of school
where all these hybrid
babies actually get educated.
They also get chipped,
which sounds awful,
but it's actually
an implant that
helps monitoring the
health status and blood
rates, nutritional level,
and also where they
are on the planet.
They get educated on different
scientific, spiritual,
and social topics as well.
What we know is that
these hybrid babies get--
this is not a
one-time-only experience,
but it happens many times
and goes over probably,
in most cases, over
some years even in order
to educate those children.
>> Well, I do have
another time that I have--
missing time as a child.
11 years old,
sitting at the table
very early in the morning,
about to have breakfast.
And I looked out my window.
It's still dark outside.
And there is an
owl that's sitting
on the branch of the
tree that was growing
right outside of our house.
And there was something
about this owl that
was so captivating, I
couldn't stop staring at it.
Eventually, that
owl's face slowly
changed into what we would now
consider a traditional Grey.
>> Right.
>> And then after that, the next
thing I knew it was a couple
of hours later, and I'm
sitting at the table.
It's daylight.
My cereal's uneaten,
and I've missed the bus.
>> But it also indicates that
you might be closer-related
to the Greys than
most other people.
How do you feel about that?
>> Well, I don't know very
much about the Greys as humans
understand them.
But I can tell you that the
beings that I have contact
with, that I still have
conscious communication with,
they are loving and
compassionate beings.
And if there is
an idea out there
that Greys are negative
or harmful, then calling
the beings that I'm
with Greys is a misnomer
because they aren't harmful.
And they're not--
there's no malice.
>> You were first visited
when you were three years old.
>> Yes.
>> Did they warn you not to
discuss this visitation with
your parents?
Your mother or your father,
did they caution you not
to disclose their identity?
Did they tell you not to?
Or did they--
>> I do not recall that.
I don't recall ever
feeling like that.
I recall having a lot of
discussions with my mother
and talking about
the little people.
She was very receptive to
that and understanding,
particularly in
light of the fact
that she was standing
under a craft
for God knows how
long with everyone
else in the neighborhood.
>> Anjali, what you experienced
during your time with these
visitors, did they discuss
or did they show you how
to interact with hybrid
children or hybrids?
Did you experience it?
Did you see it?
>> Well, I-- that's
a good question.
What I experienced was
conscious communication.
So if that is a
learning experience,
then I would say yes
that I was taught
how to communicate
in the respect
that I was just
doing it naturally.
I don't remember
most of the school.
I'm sorry.
I wish that I did.
I would love to be regressed
and go deeper into that.
I think it would
be really valuable.
But I also think that I
already know everything
that I need to know.
And I have beings around me
that are guiding the things
that I need to tell people.
And there are a lot of things.
They'll say to me, don't
waste any energy on that.
Put down human affairs.
Walk away from human affairs.
They say that a lot.
Stop that.
They'll correct me
constantly because they
say that it will
affect my ability
to communicate so
clearly with them,
that it's an energetic
flow that we are now in,
and I have to maintain it.
>> Do you know if you ever met
a hybrid person or a child,
that you related to them, or
they told you they were hybrid?
>> I don't remember any children
ever telling me that they were
hybrid that I had
met as a child.
I would have to really
think about that.
I don't remember that.
I don't know that it
would have even made sense
to me at that time.
I have met people, before
coming out with my story
and since coming out
with my experience, who
have come forward to me and
told me that they were hybrid.
>> But these people
were in the public?
They weren't in-- they
weren't when you were--
>> No.
These people are public people.
They're just other human beings.
They look like
they're human beings.
The beings say that not
everybody, not all human beings
are a hybrid with a
consciousness that they
have planted for the awakening.
There are specific people
who have come down here to be
catalysts for the awakening.
The entities or the beings who
are saying, it's time to leave,
it's time to leave-- because
I'm sure you probably
heard a lot of that--
is they're trying
to look for their people
who haven't awoken
that need to awaken so that
they can find them and take them
off the planet because
they are here to do a job.
And they don't want them
on the surface of the Earth
when the cataclysm comes.
>> So you think
they collect them?
>> I do think they
will collect them.
>> Hmm, because my impression
is that there are some
restrictions Earth-wise
that might stand in the way,
speaking about governments
concealing the airspace as much
as possible in order to prevent
foreign entities in here.
>> Right.
This is going to
be at a time period
that we will not have to be
concerned about that anymore.
My understanding is
that there's going
to be a worldwide blackout.
They just show me
complete darkness.
And when that
happens, there's not
a weapon or a
defense system that
exists for humanity in this
world that can stop them
from collecting their people.
And by the way,
humanity, in some way,
continues to have the
societies that they
have at the behest
of these beings who
could interfere at any time if
we are destroying the garden.
>> Right.
>> Do you think the hybrids
are down here to monitor us,
or they created the
hybrids to monitor us,
or to prevent something
from happening?
>> My understanding is that
they're here to essentially
manifest the awakening by
bringing in their vibration,
the energetic density that
they bring to the physical body
at the time when the Earth
itself is going through
essentially an upgrade.
It's moving from one
density to another.
So it's having its own
separate consciousness upgrade
that is related to the
complete overturn of most
of the surface of the Earth.
I don't know if there are
people here watching us
in hybrid form, but I do know
that there are hybrids here
who are here for the
purpose of waking people up.
And in the same respect,
I wouldn't be surprised
if there were people on the
surface of the Earth who
are operating in this
world, who were hybrids,
sit here to watch.
I only say that
because they have
said that there are essentially
multiple societies that
are arriving in an
area around Earth that
are coming to watch essentially
how the council handles
the end of this
cycle and separating
the wheat from the chaff.
It's almost like a test.
It's almost like
a test for them.
>> Do you feel that this council
is just one particular race
of ETs?
Or is it a wide variety
of different ET races?
>> I am 100% positive that it
is made up of a variety of ET
races because I was
in a room with several
of the representatives
of the council.
And I talked with them,
and they explained to me
what the job of the council
was and what my job was
and how I needed to begin.
So I'm 100% confident
that it's a conglomerate
of multiple races
who have interest
in this experiment
that's happening here.
And they work essentially
for the creator
that they knew personally.
>> The United States government
is here to protect the United
States.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Not all entities
within the government,
the Department of Defense and
other agencies and military
know the subjects of hybrids.
But the inner-working
groups that do know this,
they want to know how they
can detect a hybrid from a non
hybrid.
In your contacts
with these entities,
have you have any knowledge
of how one can detect hybrids
from non-hybrids?
>> I do not have knowledge
about how to detect a hybrid.
But I do know that they
tell you if you are.
So if you're a
hybrid, and you're
having conscious contact
or even physical contact,
they will tell you
that you are a hybrid.
They will tell you when you are
ready, when you can handle it.
This is a consciousness-learning
experience.
>> So a hybrid--
while this hybrid is-- when it's
born, it raises, it develops.
It doesn't know it's a hybrid?
>> Not unless they tell you.
>> Not unless they tell you?
>> Unless they tell you.
>> The ETs are
going to tell you.
>> They make sure.
So basically, they will
approach those children a lot
and a lot over the
course of their lifetime.
And in a senseful way,
that's, for example,
one reason why they have
these implants in order
to detect them wherever
they are and they
know how to reach out to them.
>> Another question.
During your interaction
with the council,
did you feel at all whether
there was any religious aspects
to their goal, or
whether there was a deity
that they were reacting to?
Or was it just
philosophical discussions
regarding what they wanted?
Was there any religious
aspects to this?
>> There was neither a
discussion about a deity nor
a philosophy.
I don't consider what they
told me to be a philosophy.
I consider it to be a fact.
And they're trying--
I can't claim
to understand the mechanism.
I think that's way above
my pay grade today.
But I do believe that they are
trying to tell us the truth.
I think that they are
But I think that there
are many different layers
to that truth because it-- and
I think that it all comes down
in the end to getting
back to that source
and understanding who we
are, awakening to that,
taking all of the
knowledge and wisdom
that we have learned from
our sensory experience
into the next density so
that we can coalesce when
we get to fifth and
sixth, so that when
we go into the eighth
density, we know who we are,
and we split again.
And we do it all
over, and we spread.
We spread across
all of the darkness,
and we light it straight up.
And that's how consciousness
just grows and learns
on and on and on.
But it's all right now because
as we're going forward,
behind us it's fading.
Consciousness is
just right here.
It's all right here.
That doesn't even exist anymore.
And what we look ahead
and we think we're seeing,
that's just projection.
It's all right here, they say.
So we have to be-- we
have to be present.
We have to listen.
And then we might have some
idea about who is hybrid
and who isn't
because we may have
the sense of the resonation.
And you can call
that discernment.
You can call it
anything you want.
But they did not talk
about deities or gods.
In fact, they said
they don't know where
source came from initially.
It's old, it's so far back now,
they can't even account for it.
They just know that it
just goes on and on and on,
that we just continue
this endlessly.
>> Working in the genetic
labs, we have found out that
extraterrestrials
have human DNA.
And having the access
to the genetic labs
with the extraterrestrial
DNA bank,
we also noted that most
humans have a percentage
of extraterrestrial DNA.
So some might be more of
this, or more of that,
or more of a percentage.
It's what we kind
of came out with.
So it's kind of like
some people actually
have this hybrid DNA
in them, but it's
at different levels
for their growth.
>> Well, if you listen
to what EBE told us,
the ET that was out
of the Roswell craft,
he explained that all entities
within the universe were
connected.
He couldn't explain
exactly how because he
was so advanced
in this technology
that he couldn't explain it,
but what we grasped from what he
said was we're somehow related.
>> Exactly.
And he was talking
about the frequency
of the DNA from different
extraterrestrial genetics
because it emanates a
different frequency.
So I can have a feeling, like
when I met you, oh, yeah, I
know what you are, you know?
But that's just a feeling
because I can read frequencies.
>> Yeah.
>> So I want to know about Tim.
Out of the hundreds
of extraterrestrials
you've been involved with and
have met, have any of them
ever mentioned the hybrid
colonization of Earth?
>> So yes, of course, that's a--
it's a program.
So different species, we
know about, well, at least
dozens of species that have
their own hybridization
program on Earth.
>> Which specific
race is running that?
>> Each one is
running their own.
>> And how many races are there?
>> How many races?
So at least a dozen.
I've lately heard
some upgraded numbers
that it must be even more.
And this is not even counting
in those individual, higher
frequencial, more experienced
beings that incarnate on us.
>> Right.
>> So I think that the program
that the Greys have with
the school is one of the most
profound and sophisticated
there is because they like
to keep things nice and tidy
and organized.
Other hybrid programs might
be a little more loose.
Basically, I think the
hybrid school of the Greys
is one of the most
thought-through progress there
is.
>> Tim, I'm glad you brought
that one part up where you said
that doesn't include
just the 3D biologics.
They're incarnates, there's
walk-ins in the projects.
We have special biofield
viewers where you can see when--
it measures it like a
frequency, a Rife machine,
of that entity coming
into that person.
So that person might harbor a
few extraterrestrial entities,
or one, or just temporary
do that to have a meeting.
So I'm glad it's--
I don't want people
thinking that it's
about embryos and Petri dishes
and we're hybridization.
There's so many different
ways this can happen.
>> It can be too.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
It can be, like,
lab-produced babies as well.
But there's definitely also
like a spiritual component
to it, which is a kind of
controversial aspect to it
that a born fetus
or a growing fetus
could have more than
one individual soul
or consciousness that
wants to enter that body.
And it's then on
a different plane
to arrange which one
gets the opportunity.
>> One of the things the United
States government has done,
going back to the '80s, was an
operation called Project Cross
Bridge.
I'm sure you know about Cross
Bridge is when somebody tries
to enter in the
military, there's
certain vial of blood they
take, and they send that
to a special laboratory.
Now, it was an extremely
classified program.
The public didn't know
where that other vial went.
But it was a way--
there was something
in the blood.
And I'm not a biologist,
maybe Emery can talk about it.
There's something in the
blood that distinguishes
a human a full human
complete human from a hybrid
and the Department of
Defense developed a way,
and I don't know
how they did that,
but Dr. Kit Green
talks about this.
And so when you go in,
you get a blood test.
They take that extra vial.
They send it away.
And they can determine
if you're a human
or whether you're a hybrid.
Is that--
>> That is correct.
There's different
types of proteins,
along with the DNA, of
course, that's in there,
which is a sure giveaway.
But that can also be masked
and cloaked, as Tim knows.
Cellular material
can be doing that.
But you can't cloak
the proteins that
are everywhere in your body.
So there are certain
proteins that are not--
I'll just say it-- of an Earth
origin that can be traced.
Where do you see the
hybridization programs
going here on planet Earth?
>> Well, the United
States governments--
and I know personally
from the Reagan Era--
was very concerned about
whether an ET could
infiltrate American society.
Now, back in those days,
there wasn't much talk
about hybrid or hybridization
because we didn't
know a lot about it then.
But DIA and some other
agencies started projects
to classified-- highly
classified projects
to try to determine that.
President Reagan was
very, very interested
because he was told of the
threat that some of these ETs
could pose to our planet.
>> And he went public with that.
>> And he went public
with that, several times.
And you just have to go to
his library in California
and read some of
the notes and essays
that he wrote to
himself about this.
So the United States
government started
programs, the
Department of Defense,
the DIA, the CIA, all the
alphabet agencies started
programs trying to detect
whether these ETs could
come in posed as a human.
Now, that's what it was then.
Again, hybridization wasn't--
>> It wasn't a big topic.
Right.
It was, could they come in
and mask themselves as--
and I could talk for hours
about operations that we did.
We went going out and
trailing people and kind
of clandestinely, covertly
tailing them to find out
if they were because we
had some reason to believe
that they were not human.
So the government was trying to
protect society from these ETs.
>> Absolutely.
>> You know one of the things
that has really been on my mind
is, looking around
this table right now,
we're all connected to intel.
And we know that some of
the highest-level people
in governments
across the world who
are investigating the phenomena
are actually contactees
themselves.
So I've been wondering if
the placement is intentional.
Are they intentionally
placing people
who are hybrids within
positions in government
that deal with highly
classified information?
And I would say--
from everything that I see--
I'd say yes.
>> Yeah, I think it's a
universal motivational thing
that's a natural pattern that
brings people into certain
fields.
I assume that ETs
have an interest
in placing their hybrids
in certain positions.
But then again,
there's this kind
of free will in the universe.
>> There is.
That's right.
>> And it's very complicated
to motivate or move someone
to a certain direction if they
are not willing to explore
that.
>> So what is everyone's
thoughts on the hybridization
program?
>> Well, I think, number
one, it's very difficult
to understand an
extraterrestrial's reasoning
or what their missions are.
They're different
biologically than we are.
Their minds are different,
brains are different.
But I think there is
some sort of a program
that they developed, whatever
particular race of ETs you're
talking about, to
hybridize Earth.
And I think that's
an active program,
probably has been going on
not for 10, or 12, or 15,
or 30, but probably
for a thousand years.
>> What do you think, Anjali?
>> Well, it seems that this
experience that we have when
there's a consciousness
incarnate in our bodies is
about growth and learning.
And they corrected
me over something
that I said earlier, when I
said that the only people who
were hybrids, I
thought, were people
were here to awaken everyone.
And so they wanted
me to correct myself.
And they've said that humanity
wasn't a naturally-occurring
race, that everyone has--
it was created.
So they wanted me to specify
that, first of all, none of us
are--
none of these bodies
were naturally occurring.
We did not spontaneously
occur from this Earth, OK?
We only need to look around at
all of the animals and trees
to know that, to see
what came from the Earth.
We did not come from the Earth.
And so I feel that we just have
to accept this, acknowledge it,
and ask ourselves
what we're going
to do with that
opportunity and the things
that they're asking us.
And so I guess how
I feel about it
is each individual person
who is incarnate here
has to make the choice
about what it means.
What does it mean?
I don't know.
I don't know what
it means for you,
but I know that you have your
own separate consciousness
experience, even though we
come from the same thing.
So that's what I
think about all of it.
>> Very beautifully put.
All right.
Tim?
>> Well, I think that it's
a question of definition,
how we define hybridization and
hybrids at all because everyone
and each one on this planet and
every other planet in the whole
universe, basically, cannot
be separated from a hybridized
influence.
That's just the
way genetics work.
Everyone has certain strains
and influences from somewhere.
I understand the
perception of hybridization
is like being more
or less connected
to one group or another.
And I think there's something
in the philosophy of humans
that they have this
in-group, out-group thinking.
Well, in the end, it's all
consciousness, and it's all us.
So I think that is the
much more elaborated way
of how to think about it.
>> Good one.
>> I love it.
>> Very well put.
>> I want to thank everyone
for coming on the show.
It's been such a pleasure.
>> Thank you.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>> Next on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> As the beings have said, the
closer that we get to the end
of the cycle, we're going
to be faced with decisions
and choices that will
determine what happens next.
>> Is the Earth coming
to an end in its cycle?
And that is something
that happens frequently.
It happened before.
And it's going to happen
again, but it's happening now.
>> This was never meant to be
a permanent situation for any
of us.
This isn't the beginning
and an end of anything.
This is just an expression.